Attribution of contributors in how to contribute (#331)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/contribute/how_to_contribute.md

When writing for this website keep in mind the following:

* For the sake of consistency, please follow our [style guide](style_guide).
* We give great importance to authorship credit. If others were involved in your contribution, by writing up or by providing resources such as diagrams or links, please make sure you acknowledge them in the contributors' section of your page.

## Attribution of the contributors

> Contributors will be listed at the bottom of the page and be mentioned in the hall off fame carousel on the landing page. If you want to link your gitub account, ORCID or email adress, please add your name and corresponding information to the [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/rdm-toolkit/blob/master/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors will be listed at the bottom of the page and be mentioned in the hall of fame carousel on the landing page. If you want to link your GitHub account, ORCID or email address, please add your name and corresponding information to the [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/rdm-toolkit/blob/master/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml).
```
